What did you say
This is what he gave me.
Blind date. We're getting engaged today
Would you like to attend our engagement party?
You won't see it that high
you
When did they get together?
From the day you left
He's not like you, an ordinary dog
He is a top student
Just a few years out of society
It became the top talent of the Tang Group
The future is limitless
Very big.
Just this bag.
Just top your salary for a year
So our relationship for several years
Nothing beats a designer bag.
Qin Fang, don't be too naive.
You can never afford what I want, Chen Feifei
As long as I marry him
I can cross this class
Enter this Colosseum of Fame and Wealth
Become the sun that everyone is grateful for
Do you know what you have lost?
Shouldn't want to say
What I lost
It's your heart that loves me deeply
What a pity!
Qingfeng, don't be too childish
If it weren't for you calling me over the years
For the sake of money
Do you think you are still qualified to see me now?
All I lost was a poor ex-boyfriend
I couldn't watch it in a previous life
Today it's all you in my hands like a grass sword
What you lost
It's the chance you've been longing for
You've made it crazy, you're on top of power
Haven't seen you in years
Eyelids are really long
You even proposed to me with a broken ring
What kind of face is bragging here?